= TapeWorm Package of the BString library by Paul Hsieh

This repository is, essentially, the same as the upstream C bstring
library, hosted at http://bstring.sourceforge.net. The intention is
to keep this library as close as possible to the upstream version,
adding tweaks only where needed by TapeWorm. Most of these tweaks
improve the portability of certain files, by integrating into the CMake
based build system of Tapeworm.

Our version of the C bstring library is not intended as a stand-alone
library (unlike the excellent foundations). If you want a stand-alone
version go to the original source. This version exists principally to
make it easier to re-use the work done on bstring within Tapeworm. 

== Original License

Copyright (c) 2002-2008 Paul Hsieh
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

    Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 

    Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, 
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation 
    and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

    Neither the name of bstrlib nor the names of its contributors may be used 
    to endorse or promote products derived from this software without 
    specific prior written permission. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" 
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE 
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE 
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE 
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR 
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF 
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN 
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2002-2008 Paul Hsieh
Copyright (c) 2011 David Love. 

See `license.txt` for further details.

